Why is it you again? No questions asked, nothing to talk about? Is it you?
You kid is like a dog's house iron
Let my circle be the boss
It's your car that's better than mine
There are also women and I don’t care.
I tell you
My little silver
When you bought your child, it cost more than 20 million
Either 10,000 or 20,000
You bought me the car
Either one, two, ten thousand, ten thousand or ten thousand people will give it to me, right?
separated by seven
You deducted 50 million from me
I'm so sorry.
Why do you want me to make a bet?
Come on, I don't care
You didn't even give me seven divisions
That kid moves
I've already deducted it
I've been cheated
Think I'm stupid
Ah, looking for flowers on the back
I'll bother you first
I won’t give it. I won’t give it.
If they don't give it to me, they will die.
Young Master, I am from the National Taiwan University. Why don't you lay off your employees?
I'm right
I'm on my way
This has to be abandoned
Come and go
Harm them Yang'er people, right?
not tell you
No one came
Today, hurry up and give me the money and take it with you
If you want me, I'll break your hook
Who is going to break our last leg?